what's going on guys time here and stay
preview of a very cool and unique
product this the cuckoo watch which is
the connected watch from cuckoo watch
calm so first of all the packaging of
this product is not just in normal
packaging you can actually reuse this
package as a birdhouse on the side it
tells you what it is compatible with and
at the back it tells you to download the
free apps use it with the watch now
let's take a look at the hardware of the
device by looking from the outside you
can see that it's a pretty normal watch
you have this metal piece so that you
can put it in the hole to your justice
size and on the rubber you have the
cuckoo logo which is pretty nice on the
left side of the watch you have the
light button which is to light up the
screen of the watch and you have the
connect button to obviously connect your
device and on the other side you have
the command button and the knob to
adjust the time and emote button and
below the watch face we have nine holes
so that you can choose and get the size
that you want when you flip the watch
over you can see that you have easy
access to the battery tray which is
pretty nice this watch uses Bluetooth to
connect with your device so you might
need to change battery quite often so to
get started go to the App Store app on
your iPhone iPod Touch or iPad Mini and
search for cuckoo there's a free
application now go to the Settings app
and then go to bluetooth and then turn
it on once the logo is on the status bar
I'm going to do is open up the app now
get your watch and simply hold the
connect button on the bottom left
and all the icon to start blinking and
now your phone should be able to detect
your device once you're connected you
can simply click on the name and you
have two button right here which is to
alert you when your watch or phone is
far away and when you click on the
settings on the top right you can change
your name of the watch and change the
notification alerts which are email
incoming calls SMS for example and it
can also alert you when the battery is
low and you can also choose the command
button actions for short press medium
press and long press there's only a few
options for it right now but I'm pretty
sure that they will add more in the
future there's also an options to enable
or disable the music control which I'll
show you what the watch does right now
so first let's demonstrate the drop pin
you simply short press the command
button and it will simply drop a pin for
example you'd like this restaurant you
can just drop a pin and it will save the
place on your phone and you can see that
the navigation Center dropped a pin and
for the next feature for example if you
lost your phone you can simply medium
press the button for about 2 to 4
seconds and then your phone should play
this sound and it should vibrate and
send a notification until you find it
you can just simply press on a
navigation and it will stop the next
feature is actually a very cool feature
we have to do is launch the cuckoo app
and press on your camera icon and what
this essentially does that it allows you
to trigger the camera by using the
command button on your watch just press
the button once and it will take a
picture there is a tiny bit of a delay
but that's good because if you want to
take self-portrait you can simply press
on the button and you have enough time
to put your hand down and then the phone
will take a picture and now for my
favorite feature about the watch if
you're on the iPod app you can simply
press on the command button and it will
start playing your music and if you
medium press it it will simply skip to
next song and this is very useful if you
use your iPhone on a dock this is
because you can control your music from
far away just by using your watch one
great feature about this watch is that
it will notify you when there's any
notification on your phone for example a
call message Facebook email as you can
see right here the phone icon is
blinking which means that there is a
call on my phone and you can tell the
watch to notify you by vibrating sound
or both vibrating and sound in
conclusion I think that this is a very
cool watch it has a lot of
great features but it's not perfect yet
it does disconnect sometimes because if
you quit the app or turn off Bluetooth
you have to reconnect it every time the
design is great the build quality is
quite good and all the features does
work you can take self-portrait you can
also control the music and get
notifications just on your watch you can
get the cuckoo watch for 120 $9.99 at
cuckoo watch calm and is available in a
variety of color and currently is only
compatible with the iphone 5 iphone 4s
ipad mini ipad 4th generation third
generation and ipod touch and that's
pretty much it guys online sacani thank
cuckoo watch comm presenting spark i'll
for review and hope you guys enjoy this
video thank you so much watching if you
like this video please give a thumbs up
comment down below if you have a
question and please subscribe for more
V's